feat (docs): add support for signature algorithm in cosign cert and kms verification (#1337)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/writing-policies/verify-images/sigstore/_index.md

...
```

## Using a different signature algorithm

> By default, cosign uses `sha256` has func when computing digests. To use a different signature algorithm, specify the signature algorithm for each attestor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Cosign uses `sha256` hash function when computing digests. To use a different signature algorithm, specify the signature algorithm for each attestor:
```

> By default, cosign uses `sha256` has func when computing digests. To use a different signature algorithm, specify the signature algorithm for each attestor:

Reviewer: Where can I find the supported signature algorithm?
